well it's morning now and I'm going to
get the scrapple out so that I can start
to slice it up and pan-fry it I won't be
making a sandwich today and oh by the
way not so hard I'm just going to
probably be slicing it up and having it
with some eggs and board to cut it with
and turn the oven on and sorry the stove
on so that way the pain will be nice and
hot so I can hear it sizzle again so
it's time to get ready to cut the
scrapple well alright slice the opening
at the end so I can extrude the scrapple
out of the container didn't think I
could cut it with one hand to open it
and make several slices it I got him
whoops maybe I'll have a four or so
they're four slices in an opening in the
end and push this grapple with starting
to fall apart thankfully you can press
it back together while it's being cooked
okay second it's a little container
over here is
the fragments grapple with the theater
and then press back together
so gotten crispy enough to talk over
the wildest graph was cooking I'm going
to put the remainder into a plastic bag
for the preservation for another day of
cooking kind of hard to do this
one-handed so maybe I'll put this down
here let's see if I can camera shoot
while I use the hands zip it up now this
will be preserved for future use
wouldn't want it goin bad these scrapple
continues to cook cook a little bit take
it easy thickness
and I think to go with the scrapple
today legs I'll be back when it's time
to flip the scrapple